hey guys welcome back i'm going to be
doing so different day as you can see
it's going to be a casual view the
kosher foods going to be cool gear for I
think it's icebox I can't remember sorry
about not remembering name what is made
by gear for company I'll pick this up
for 999 10 pounds and there is a good
hard case and a built-in screen
protector has a button to press for the
home bit as a holder to fit your docking
charger just then it also has the bit
Minister Dr ipod in for the at 3.5 mil
jaye it has the hole for a funny rockers
and how for the lock bag let's see what
it's like when you put the ipod
is it just clips in there and now yeah
the bugs are still very sensitive as you
can see is pretty good teeth sensitive
buttons it's not really sly but a bad
points are on the side I will fully
marker is and the block banner if you
can't really get your finger in that
property to press the buttons as you can
see you got a user rich of your thumb or
finger life in this case you can drop it
from a height and not expected to damage
your ipod just to damage the case it's
not right for a certain one we drop it
and break the ipod it's very good one
keeps in your ipod from scratch and
protects apple logo and that's it thanks
for watching bye